Remove duplicate example (#1784)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/project-config/Compiler Options.md

# Emit d.ts files for a js file with showing compiler options which are booleans
tsc index.js --declaration --emitDeclarationOnly

> # Emit a single .js file using string string params

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Emit a single .js file from two files via compiler options which take string arguments
```
